Most popular computer languages
1. C - used for Application, system, general purpose and low-level operations. Procedural language.
2. Java - used for Application, business, client-side, general, server-side, Web. OOP oriented, multi platform language.
3. PHP - PHP is a server-side scripting language that enables you to build dynamic web pages. PHP pages may contain text, HTML, and script blocks. When a browser requests a PHP page, the PHP script is executed on the web server, and the resulting HTML is displayed in the browser. A PHP page must have a PHP-supported extension. Typically, a PHP file ends with .php, although other PHP extensions such as .php4 and .phtml also exist. 
4. JavaScript - dynamic computer programming language. It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed. It is also used in server-side network programming with runtime environments such as Node.js, game development and the creation of desktop and mobile applications.
5. C++ - general-purpose programming language. It has imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features, while also providing the facilities for low-level memory manipulation. It is designed with a bias toward system programming (e.g., for use in embedded systems or operating system kernels), with performance, efficiency and flexibility of use as its design requirements. C++ has also been found useful in many other contexts, including desktop applications, servers (e.g. e-commerce, web search or SQL servers), performance-critical applications (e.g. telephone switches or space probes), and entertainment software.
6. Python - widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language.Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as C++ or Java.
7. Ruby - dynamic, reflective, object-oriented, general-purpose programming language.
8. Assembly - low-level programming language for a computer, or other programmable device, in which there is a very strong (generally one-to-one) correspondence between the language and the architecture's machine code instructions. Each assembly language is specific to a particular computer architecture, in contrast to most high-level programming languages, which are generally portable across multiple architectures, but require interpreting or compiling.
9. Perl - used for Application, scripting, text processing, Web. Repls stays for "Practical Extraction and Reporting Language". It was originally developed by Larry Wall in 1987 as a general-purpose Unix scripting language to make report processing easier.
10. Visual basic -  Third-generation event-driven programming language and integrated development environment (IDE) from Microsoft. Used for application development.
